Hi, my name is Brandon, and I have had an experience with the Lord that he keeps telling me I need to tell people about.
I've never really talked in front of a camera before like this, but he wanted me to document it and tell everybody what happened and what kind of experience I had with him.
This experience lasted all night long, and I'm just asking the Holy Spirit right now to help me communicate everything that I saw.
It's really important because Jesus Christ is coming, and he told me he's coming face to face.
This experience happened on July 6th, 2014, and I've held it all these years.
I wrote it down on paper and released it to some people on Facebook and to some church friends and family.
Some people received it and some people didn't. I'm just a deliverer of the message that he gave me.
I'm not here to argue about theology or try to convince anybody of my experience.
I'm going to tell you exactly what happened, exactly how it happened, from the beginning to the end.
I don't know if you're a mid-tribulation, post-tribulation, or pre-tribulation believer.
Like I said, I'm not here to argue or try to get you to say anything in the comments about what I saw or what I experienced.
I'm just telling you what I saw and we'll go from there. It all started out while I was asleep; I went to bed a normal night, nothing different.
I went to sleep and in the middle of my sleep, all of a sudden, I don't know if I was in my body or out of my body.
I don't know how it happened; all I know is all of a sudden I was standing with Jesus, and he was on my right hand the whole time in this experience.
He grabbed a hold of my hand and I'll go from there. The first scene, per se, of what I saw was Jesus standing on my right hand.
He had a hold of my hand and we were in a town. I don't know what town we were in, but I know that there was a big white building over to the side.
I was looking up at this big white building and at the sky, and the sky was alive.
It was like it was moving; it was full of lightning and very spooky looking.
I looked out over the horizon and there was this lady running towards me, and she started screaming.
They were all screaming in terror; they were all freaking out.
It was incredible. They were saying, "They're gone. They're gone.
" I said, "Who's gone? " I told this lady, "Who's gone? " and she said, "Did you not see?
" I said, "Did I not see what, ma'am? What are you talking about? " At this time, she could see me.
Now, not every time in this experience were people able to see me.
In this instance, she could not see Jesus, but she could see me.
She said, "The aliens? The aliens came and got the Christians.
" I said, "The aliens? " She said, "Yes, they all disappeared.
They went up. " At that moment, she just ran off. She was frantic, screaming in terror.
She ran as fast as she could, panicking. I looked out over the horizon of the city.
I was up on a hill at this time and I could see everything on fire.
Everything was on fire—the cars, the houses, the buildings.
It was like chaos beyond anything you could ever comprehend was happening at this time.
You could smell the smoke. People were looting; they were stealing out of cars and buildings.
They were trashing the city where I was. Jesus didn't say anything.
In fact, he never spoke; I could perceive his thoughts when he was touching my hand.
I knew what he was thinking, but he never said anything out of his mouth.
He could understand what I was thinking, but I never said anything to him.
I was just looking across the city, thinking, "Oh my gosh, what is going on?
" All of a sudden, we translated. We left that spot and went to another spot.
He grabbed my hand—we were still holding hands—but it was like we just disappeared and came to another time.
In this time frame, I was looking over Europe. I knew I was looking over Europe because I was standing back, like I was watching a movie.
It was very strange. I was looking out over Europe and I saw this man in Berlin.
All the world leaders were behind a table. It was a round table in Berlin.
It looked like a big "" office. It was a brown table, and there were chairs all around it.
All of these world leaders were behind this big table, and this man—I didn't know who he was at the time, but I'll tell you later—and all of the people were asking him for help.
They were asking him for a solution to all the rioting and the craziness that was going on.
He was instructing them on what to do. He had all the wisdom and was very powerful in demeanor, the way he carried himself. He was wearing a gray suit, and he was a Middle Eastern man.
All of a sudden, that scene was over, but the Lord at that time spoke to me about a scripture and showed me how everyone would give over their kingdoms to him within one hour.
As I said, I'm not a Bible scholar or a theology major; I'm just a guy who loves Jesus and seeks Him with all my heart, and I had this experience with Him.
The next scene I see is this man on TV—he's on cnn, Fox, and everywhere.
He is telling all the people of the world what happened to the people who disappeared, explaining that they were rebellious, that they were taken away out of rebellion, and that they were being punished.
All these people were punished—it was the Christians, and they were all being taken out.
Then he explained that he was the new leader of the world. I looked out and saw how he was gradually taking power.
I want to tell you what I felt; this is very important: everybody wakes up every single day with a peace they don't realize they have.
They go to bed with it and wake up with it. Even the worst sinner in the world has a form of peace inside of them that they don't even realize.
When the rapture happens and we're taken out, there is a void of peace like I've never felt in all of my life; it blankets the earth.
I used to think that the Holy Spirit left with us because He dwells in each Christian.
He dwells in us, and when we invite him into our heart, I believe that he went with us when the rapture happened.
I cannot back that up biblically. I don't know. All I know is that there is no prayer covering, there is no sense of peace, there is no joy. It is absolute chaos.
And this man has a sense that whenever everybody looks at him, when everybody is gazing upon him, a false sense of peace is what I want to say.
He brings a peace when he is on the TV. He brings a sense of comfort that everybody wants to follow him so quickly because they are so scared and everybody is so tormented.
They all turn to him so quickly out of that peace that he brings, but it is dirty.
I don't know how to describe it. So he is on the TV, and he is telling everybody what happened to the Christians.
Then I see people in the Iran and Iraq area over there—Pakistan, that area over there—they were rejoicing.
And they were all calling out and saying the Mahdi has come. The Mahdi has come.
And I don't know what that means. I have studied it now a little bit more.
I don't know what I'm allowed to say about all this as far as on YouTube and what will be allowed.
I don't want my video to get flagged, but they were calling it the Mahdi.
They were calling him the Mahdi. And so everybody was calling him the Mahdi.
And so he was himself Middle Eastern. He was a Muslim. I know this because he said he was and he had a...
Okay, I won't get to that part yet. Okay, this is what happens next.
I see him come on TV, and he is telling everybody to bring their Bibles into the stadiums, into these areas.
He said, 'If you see a Bible, it is mandated by law that everybody brings these Bibles into these areas.
' And so, it was like courthouses, places like that. They were all like police stations, things like that.
He brings these Bibles in and they start stacking them up—big shelves full.
There were thousands, millions of Bibles just everywhere.
And everybody just willfully did it; they just brought in the Bibles.
And I remember seeing them everywhere. There were stacks and stacks of Bibles everywhere.
And so they would write down your name on a piece of paper of who brought the Bible and what it was or whatever.
And he told everybody, 'If you want to come and check out the Bible and look at it, it is okay. ' We'll let you.
It was kind of a trick, though, because whenever people came in and wrote on the paper to check out their Bible that they brought in—if they wanted to look at it again—you were marked even more so.
And so it was like you were being watched. It was a surveillance state.
It was really weird. It was like a library, is what I want to call it.
Within a couple of months, I would say I saw a football field with piles of Bibles, probably three or four stories high.
It was massive—just massive. They were all being burned. All the Bibles were burned by his order.
Like I said, the gasoline was all over them. They were thrown into the fire, and it was incredible.
Just massive amounts of smoke and the Bibles all burning. Then I saw these flags that he put on every single courthouse.
If you had a country flag, like the United States of America or Europe, those flags were taken down and his flag was put up.
It was black, green, and white, and it had these gold swords that were all in the center of it—massive swords, like a saber, is what I want to call it.
It was a massive sword in the center of this thing, and each color represented a terrorist group, isis and others.
I'm not going to even go there because I don't know all their names, but each was a terrorist group, and they're all being thanked for bringing in his reign because they supported this so much.
After that, he puts his flag on the buildings, and then this is what happens next.
I go with Jesus to this other area. In this, I see people on Fridays.
Every Friday, you're required to worship him. Every Friday, they all had white outfits on.
Every person in the world was required to wear a white outfit, and they had white garments on their heads.
The women did. And men had white garments on their heads. They had white robes on and they were all in single file lines.
Every line was perfect and they were all side by side. You were required to get on your knees and worship.
I saw these massive screens—huge screens all on the side of the buildings of these courthouses. On Fridays, he would appear wherever you were.
If it was America or Europe or whatever, you would go to this place of worship on Fridays and look at the screen.
They would worship him at those screens and it was all over the place, but they were always in white robes.
They were always in these single lines and it was in town square areas.
What's really interesting is that I watch a lot of videos on YouTube of people walking tours and stuff.
There's a place in Rome that I saw that it happens at. There are places in my town where I live now.
There's a place here and there's a place in another town not too far from me where it's being required to worship.
Very interesting stuff. So Christians left. Then it goes off of him and I see Christians that were left.
Now, this is the part that gets hard, and there's probably a lot of you that will disagree with this or get angry about it, but I have to tell you what I saw.
It is what it is. a lot of the grace message that was preached, people lived a compromising lifestyle. They were living like the world and they got left.
There were literally thousands of Christians here that thought they were born again, thought that they were living right, and thought that they did everything right, but they didn't.
They were living like the world and had an appearance of godliness.
Their hearts were so far from the Lord, but they thought they were with him.
They were the ones that even like the Bible talks about: 'You prophesied in my name, you cast out devils in my name, you healed the sick in my name.
Depart from me; I never knew you. ' That's what happened. There were Christians everywhere.
There were pastors that I saw who preached that watered-down grace message who were left here in punishment because they were preaching a lukewarm gospel.
They were left here, and those people were as mad as could be.
It was terrible. They were after those preachers that preached that way.
They said, "You lied to us. You didn't tell us the truth. " I was standing with Jesus the whole time.
He said to me, "Look at this. Watch this. Remember this. " He didn't say it, but I heard his thoughts.
He said, "Watch this. Look at this. " I was gazing upon this area.
I knew after all this happened I was back in time, back before the Antichrist was taking over.
This is at the beginning, right after the rapture happens. The people are mad. They are very angry that they're here.
The pastors and these leaders—I saw some of them, and I'll never mention their names because the Lord told me not to.
I saw people that were on TV teaching the gospel on tbn and stuff like that—those Christian channels that were actually left.
Some of them were—like two or three. I'm not ever going to say who they were, but I'm going to tell you that they were here.
There were some folks here, and they were very angry and ready to kill them.
It was awful. I saw one angry Christian lady that I know very well.
I worked at a church for 13 years; I was a janitor there. She was one of the members there at the church where I was.
I was looking up, and she looked up at the heavens and she flipped the Lord off.
She gave the Lord the middle finger and she said some expletives, and it was very bad.
I was watching them all just turn on God. They were angry, turning on people.
There were groups of them that were building colonies. They started saying, "We've got to get prepared.
It's fixing to get really bad. We've got to get our stuff around.
We know what's happened. We know what's coming. " a lot of them did.
"We've got to go to the mountains. We've got to go to places of refuge.
We've got to go now because we're running out of time. This is fixing to get bad really fast.
" I saw these people try to have a camaraderie. There were families that were left.
And this is another thing: everybody below the age of 15 was gone.
All the little children were gone. All of the younger teenagers and pre-teens were gone. They all got sucked up in the rapture.
But anybody that was age of accountability and older was left if you didn't know Jesus Christ and have a relationship with him.
I watched these younger people go with their families. During the tribulation, I saw children being born.
This part is really hard. I watched how the Christians all got together.
They all go to these mountain areas and dig massive holes in the side of the mountains.
They were trying to keep warm because you couldn't stay in your house.
You couldn't go into town and buy groceries because the mark of the beast is coming.
I'm going to tell you about it; I saw how it happens, how the mark of the beast changes you, and how they put it in your forehead.
I'll get to that—I don't want to skip around too much or make this too long as I respect people's time.
The Christians try to move at night. I was staying with Jesus, and he took me to a field.
All I knew was it was dark outside, and the Christians were moving from place to place at night because they couldn't move during the day without being spotted.
They were trying to get to places of safety. The farmers had guns like.
22S and rifles, so there were still firearms and ways of protection for farmers, but I didn't see many other people with guns.
The Christians didn't have guns. I don't know why—nothing was really said about that—but I know the farmers did.
I remember seeing one place where these Christians were trying to go through a pasture, and dogs barking alerted the farmer inside the house.
He flipped the light on, and he had a. 22 in his hand. I know it was a. 22.
He fired it and called the authorities to tell them people were moving at night.
He didn't know if they were Christians, but I knew they were.
Then I saw men in black armored Hummer trucks with blue, infrared-looking lights inside the back. They were all black with blacked-out windows.
As they drove, the Christians tried to put cement blocks in the road to slow them down so they would have enough time to run away as fast as they could.
They would try to throw things in the road to slow their approach, and they were running as fast as they could to try to get away.
These men had black face masks on, like covid masks, and black hoods, and they would jump out.
They had black outfits on with these vests and would jump out of these black cars with these guns.
But this is what's weird: I've never seen one of these before.
I've tried to find them online and I can't; I've never seen this before. It was a pulse.
They took these black guns and pointed them and shot, but it wasn't a bullet.
It was electric, like an electromagnetic pulse, and it just stuns you, but it didn't have any stun to it like the cords that come out like they have now.
It was some kind of wave of energy that came out of these things and knocked you senseless for a couple of seconds.
They didn't have to reload it; they just pointed it, and the people running fell out on the ground.
They would pass out right there, and by the time they would get up, it was too late; they were held captive.
These men would give them an ultimatum. I saw a woman and she had these two young children—a boy and a girl born during the Tribulation.
They were probably three or four years old, maybe more. They were talking, so they were young, maybe five.
They said, 'We're going to give the children the chip first, and if you don't deny your Jesus, we're going to cut your kids' heads off.
We're going to cut their heads off. ' Or you could take the chip.
They gave them an ultimatum. The dad said, 'No, we're not taking the mark.
We will die. ' The dad said, 'We're most certainly not taking the mark.
' The mother said, 'No, you can't cut my babies' heads off! ' because the man had this huge sickle, a huge sword, in his hand.
He was getting ready—he had the baby's head like this—and he was getting ready to just go and slice that kid's head off right there.
There was no mercy. There was no conscience about it. It was just the way it was.
And the dad cried out and said, "No, you must not take the mark. " And when he said that, they cut his head off right there.
And I'm talking it fell and rolled at my feet, and I could smell his blood. That's how awful it was.
Jesus stood there with me the whole time, and he never made a comment about it.
He just told me to look. And so I looked and I watched the woman, and she said, "I'll take the mark.
I'll take it. I'll take the chip. Don't take their heads. " And this is what is so incredible; it's absolutely amazing about this part.
They take this chip, and instantaneously those children were crying because they just saw their dad die right in front of them.
And the mom is crying and she's bawling her eyes out because she saw her husband die right in front of her.
And the moment she takes the chip, the baby, the two children, and her instantaneously lose emotion.
They don't have any emotion on their face. They totally lose the crying.
It's like they went like a zombie right there in front of me. Their minds and everything had a peace again.
It's like the chip sent a peace to their brain somehow. I don't know how; all I know is the chip did something to them and it made them calm.
It put off some kind of endorphin in them, and they just went cold in their face, like they're not there.
It's like, "Hello, you're not there," and they were not crying about him anymore. It's like they didn't care.
And so I saw that, and then I saw a man trying to commit suicide, and he already had the mark.
He had the chip in his hand, and he was standing on a major bridge, and all of a sudden the chip sent a signal to his brain and calmed him down and he did not kill himself. I don't understand why; I don't understand how.
All I know is that chip produced some kind of signal, some kind of endorphin somehow, and calmed his mind down, and instantaneously he became calm and he did not jump off that bridge.
It knew; I don't know how it knew that you were fixing to do something like that.
Then I would see people mowing their grass and I would walk by them, but they couldn't see me.
I would walk by them and they were mowing, but they were not there.
It's like you could go, "Hello," but you were just in another world, way out there, like a zombie. It was weird.
They were just mowing their grass like robots, but the chip would bring something to their biological brain.
I don't get it. Another thing I thought was interesting is that I watched them.
Jesus took me to a place in a town, and there were these barricades all over, massive gray barricades, huge.
There were men with armed guards and guns all around. You would have to go through these barricades to get into these towns; you had to have your chip in your hand.
If you didn't have the chip, you couldn't get in, and they would offer you the chip or you would die.
They would kill you right there—no questions. If you didn't take it, they'd cut your head off.
There was a woman—I remember her face. She was a white woman with brown hair, and she was standing in line.
A lot of people, though not everyone, had a bruise on their head; it was a burn sore.
The body had a reaction to the chip and it caused sores on people's heads.
It was like burn sores, and there were burn sores on their hands—not everyone, though.
She was trying to mimic it with makeup, trying to put makeup on her hand to make it look like she had a burn sore.
She was standing in line, and when she got up to go in through the gate, they saw that she was trying to fake it.
People were so desperate for food and for whatever resources they could get into the towns that they were willing to do whatever it took.
She was a Christian, basically. I guess I don't know who she really was; the moment they saw her faking it, they cut her head off right there.
There was no time for even repentance. They just took a sickle-sword and cut her head off like it was nothing.
Her head rolled out, and people in line who were watching acted like it was nothing.
There was no emotion. I'm telling you, there was no emotion to these people; they were gone.
It was weird. I'm just telling you what I saw and I'm trying to figure it out myself. I'm still trying to figure out the nanotechnology.
And the only thing that I think is really close to this nanotechnology is what a very rich man here in America is working on—I don't want to say his name.
If you go and look at it, he's working on chips right now on pigs.
That's all I can say. And it's very similar. But this chip goes—it's very small, like a very small square.
I don't know how it gets power, if it gets it from your body's energy.
I don't know, because it didn't have a battery. There's no way a battery could be that small.
Like I said, these men carried around these guns that were like waves of energy and they knocked you down.
It's like super sci-fi, but it's not. It's legit what I saw. Then I saw the Christians again, and this is part of it.
I'm praying I'm not skipping around too much, because I'm telling you how I remember it.
They were digging these foxholes. And the winters were terrible.
The further north they went in the mountains, the colder the temperatures were.
I don't know what kind of catastrophic events of nature happened there, because I didn't see that.
All I know is that the winters were awful, and people died from starvation and the cold quickly. It was bad.
Here comes another part: I look up in the sky because I hear these noises, and there are thousands of drones. Thousands. No joke. Thousands.
They are all in sequence with each other, flying across the sky, scanning the horizon and scanning everybody.
The chip in your hand or your forehead would report back to these drones that you had it.
These drones would fly throughout the woods, throughout all areas, the oceans, everywhere.
They were flying throughout all of America, all over the place.
You could literally hear them coming, and they could sense your body heat, your motion, and everything.
So, you couldn't hide from them. The only way I saw that the Christians could hide from them was digging into the side of the hills. The drones were looking for smoke or gunshots.
So the Christians couldn't shoot for food—rabbits or deer or anything that made noise—because the drones in the sky could hear the noises.
They were alerted and would swarm to that area and see who did it.
If you had the chip, it would report back and they would just go on about their business.
But if you didn't have the chip, they would call for the authorities, who would come and stay there until they arrived.
You would run, but you couldn't get away. You couldn't get away from them because they were up like a helicopter.
They were flying over, and once they found you, you were done.
They would come and either you took the chip or you took the mark, or they cut your head off.
These Christians were all on the side of mountains—people that were still fighting to live and survive, who were not living for Jesus when they were on the earth, but they knew the truth.
They knew. The children were the hardest part for me, those born during the Tribulation.
I know there's a Bible verse that says, 'Woe to those that give suck in those days.
' I believe that verse is talking about the Tribulation, but all I know is that the kids were taking it really hard.
They were going inside, and the smoke was coming out of these caves.
They were trying to keep the fires really low so that the drones couldn't see it.
The drones would fly throughout the earth, and they sounded like swarms of bees beyond anything. It was incredibly loud.
Swarms of bees were everywhere, and you knew when they were coming because you could hear them from a distance.
Everybody would scramble, trying to get into their safe zone as fast as they could to try to hide themselves. They were made to worship on Fridays.
I told you about the people and the mark of the beast; they had the Abomination of Desolation chip in their hands.
Now I want to tell you about the Abomination of Desolation. I was all of a sudden translated to Israel, and I see this great big temple.
It's on a hill, elevated, with these massive stone columns all inside of it and a roof.
There is a place where people can come at the base of this temple.
I'm standing at the base of the temple with Jesus, looking up. The temple is elevated, and the Antichrist has a podium.
He's standing in between those big columns with a man on either side of him.
I don't know who this man is right here on his other hand. I believe he's another form of a religion.
I'm not familiar with a lot of other leaders and other religious beliefs.
I'll say that he had olive skin, lightning bolts, and darker hair also. But that's all I'm going to say about that.
So, I'm looking up and there are lightning bolts shooting all over the sky.
I'm talking—it's like total chaos, lightning—but none of it's touching the ground.
It's just going all over the sky. And the Lord won't let me see his eyes from here, around all this.
But I see the Antichrist again, and he's standing there proclaiming that he is God on the Temple Mount.
And he has at this time—not every time that I see him, like when he was at the beginning when he first appears in Berlin—he didn't have a beard.
I didn't see his eyes there, but I saw that he had olive skin and he was clean-cut and clean-shaven at this time. I don't know why.
But at this time, he has a beard and it's salt and pepper—like black and white—a beard, and the sides of his hair were black and white.
They were not strictly white or strictly black. He had spots of gray coming through his hair similar to mine.
But he had hair; he wasn't bald. He had a white turban hat on, like a rag-type garment on his head.
I could see that—like I said, I couldn't see his eyes—but he had some kind of glasses on.
He was about 5'11" to 6 feet tall from what I could see while looking up like this because it's in person now.
He was probably around 195 to 215 pounds in weight. I'll describe him like this: he carries himself like a James Bond. It may sound dumb, but I'm just going to say it like this.
He carries himself very confidently, very poised in the way he talked, similar to the way Barack Obama used to whenever he delivered his speeches to the State of the Union.
The way he carried himself, he spoke very intelligently; he was very poised and very precise.
He had a way to draw you in; he made you like him. It was so peaceful, and the way he communicated to you just brought peace.
It was really weird, very strange because everybody was just fixated on his face.
He brought the peace they used to feel, the peace I told you about at the beginning that you didn't feel anymore. He brought that peace you didn't feel.
He brought that sense of comfort that I said every person wakes up with every single day and goes to bed with as a sinner; they don't even realize it.
And that's peace. It's like a prayer covering that the body of Christ brings into this world, and we probably don't even realize that we bring it.
The church doesn't even realize the power they have, the atmosphere we create with our prayers, the atmosphere we create every day.
And then when we're gone, it's hell on earth. It's awful. And for the first time, why he is so attractive is when he speaks, nobody else feels that anymore.
But he has a falseness, a false peace that everybody pursues and wants.
Again, they're starving for it; they don't have it, and so they're looking for it.
And he has a dirtiness; it's a dirty falseness that they're all wanting, they're all looking for again.
And so he sucks you in. At this time, during this part of the visitation, I'm taken out of the earth.
I'm sucked up out of the earth and I go to the edge of heaven and earth, and I'm standing there. I can turn around and I can look and I see the gates of heaven.
I see the holy city is beautiful all behind me, and Jesus is standing right here this time on my left.
And he speaks to me this time and he says, 'Look at the earth; I want to show you something that's about to take place.
' And I said, 'You know, I'm just excited. ' I look over and I look at the earth and it's spinning; I can see it moving.
And he said, 'Do you see each one of those lights down there? ' And I said, 'Yeah. ' He goes, 'Those represent souls.
' And he said there is going to be a major revival about to happen throughout the earth—a final push, a final harvest, a China major harvest.
It's like—and I don't want to add any words that he didn't say, but that's what he showed me.
And then he started—I look over at him, I'm looking over, and I look at his eyes and they're welled up with tears.
He said, 'Do you see China? ' And I said, 'Yeah. ' He said, 'They, a lot of them, died for my gospel.
' "The gospel cost them something, Brandon. " He looked at him and was so filled with joy at the sacrifice they gave for the gospel.
What I saw when I was looking over were these gold streams. They were like gold streets, but they weren't, because I knew each one of those lights represented a soul.
I said, "Lord, what is that? " He said, "That's the underground churches in China. " He said, "Each one of those represents a soul.
" It's just amazing because I'm looking at the Asian souls that get saved and they spread all throughout Asia.
You can see these gold veins that go up through North Korea, South Korea, and Japan.
Then I looked over at the Philippines and there were lights in the Philippines.
Then I looked at Australia and there were lights in Australia, and there were these circles, like crop circles, all over Europe, including France and Germany.
Each country had a circle, and some circles were bigger than others. Inside each of those circles were lights.
They represented hotspots for revival, major places where people went for revival.
The Lord never said what they represent while I was standing there; he just told me to look at the souls. But they were all round circles.
Then I looked over to the Middle East, and there weren't as many there as there were in Africa, Europe, America, Canada, Mexico, and South America.
In Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq, and Iran, there was revival.
People were getting saved and led to the Lord there; there was revival there.
I'm not saying there wasn't; there still was, but it didn't seem as significant as some of the other places I saw, though it was amazing all over the place.
America, from coast to coast, was lights everywhere—literally hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of lights everywhere.
They went all up and down the i-35 corridor from Texas to Oklahoma.
There were major places of revival there. Then I saw major revival on the West Coast and the East Coast.
I mean, it was everywhere. The revival was everywhere. But I know that... let me see this. Then, what else did I see?
I went up and I looked behind me, and there was a wave coming out of heaven on the edge of heaven.
There was like a wall, and on this wall, this massive golden brick wall around heaven—a massive, thick wall.
And there was a wave. This wave was huge, like a tsunami wave—the biggest wave you can comprehend.
It was massive, like a 50-foot huge, thick wall of water, and the Lord told me, 'This is the last outpouring. ' There is an outpouring about to...
This massive wave is coming upon the earth, and behind the wave were these angels, and they were all like soldiers on these chariots of fire.
There were these chariots, and they were golden looking fire.
It was the glory all over these chariots, and there were angels, and they all looked similar.
They had armor on, and they all looked very similar to each other, and they had these gifts.
They were boxes, and they were wrapped perfectly with bows on them, like presents, and each chariot had a box on there.
And I asked the Lord, 'What are those boxes? What are those presents?
' And he said, 'Those are end-time giftings, end-time mantles that have never been on the earth before, never have been seen by anybody on the earth.
Creative miracles, things that you have never experienced on the earth.
' Like whenever he said, 'And greater works will you do. ' These are the greater works, greater works than even Jesus did.
Things that the people, whenever Jesus was walking the earth, did not see. I can't comprehend in the natural what that could be.
But I'm just saying these were massive outpourings of something like that are fixing to happen—boxes, giftings.
Then I looked over to the angels to my left again. I saw these angels, but these angels were different.
They had longer hair and they were massive. They were strong-looking, but they had these big baskets of golden stuff, like gold or money.
It looked like something, but they were taking them out of the silos from behind them, these massive barn-looking silos.
And they had money and they were taking this stuff—which I don't know if it was money or not, I believe it was—and they were pouring it out on the earth.
They were pouring this out on the earth, and then there were people in these silos, and there were bicycles and things like that that people in foreign countries needed.
Now, how that comes from heaven like that to the earth, I don't know.
I don't know if it was a type and shadow or a representation of what people are believing for, asking the Lord for in their prayers, or what.
I wish I would have asked more questions. I was too in awe of him, of being in front of the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords.
I was too in awe of it to even think. In that moment, you think you could have asked a billion things, but now that it's over, you wonder why you didn't.
It was too holy; I can't tell you. But I see all this going on in heaven, and Jesus looked at me and he said, "You need to tell my people I'm coming.
Tell my people I'm coming. " I looked at him like, "Wow. Well, we know.
" But he was urgent in his eyes: "No, you don't know. Tell my people I'm coming. " And folks, this was in 2014. Now we're in 2021.
I saw things when I was on the earth—some things that he told me I couldn't talk about, that I really would love to share, but I'm in obedience to him.
I can't share timeframes or things like that. All I can tell you now is that we really are there. We really are.
I hope I'm coming across strong about this because Jesus is coming and it's serious now, even more so than what you can comprehend. If you only really knew. That's all I can say.
If you have loved ones that don't know Jesus Christ and you're scared to tell them about him, you're about to miss your opportunity and they could spend the rest of their lives in hell.
You're running out of time. I'm just going to be really real with you; it's coming to a time now that it's over.
And what I want to tell you now is right before I came back into my body, Jesus looked at me and he said, "But before I come back to get you, they're going to talk about aliens a lot.
It's one of the signs. " This was in 2014. He said, "They're going to talk about aliens a lot, like it's going to become a big deal.
" And he told me, "You'll know and be watching for the great deception that's about to take place.
" There's going to be something take place. There is an event. You'll see. There's a great deception. It's all set up.
When the lady at the beginning—the one I told you was frantic and screaming, 'the aliens are coming'—it's going to be talked about in the media all the time.
It's going to start to become the norm. And it almost is; isn't it interesting where we are from 2014 to 2021?
The government is talking about it. It's almost becoming taboo, right? I mean, hello.
I tried to tell people about this in 2014, and most people thought, 'Oh, yeah, right.
Aliens. ' I said, 'Yeah, for real. That's going to be the big deal. Watch. Jesus said this.
' And now, I don't know if they remember, but we're just at the beginning.
There are going to be major events coming in the next months that are going to shake America beyond anything you can comprehend. The revival comes out of a great shaking.
Jesus said to me in my prayer time, 'Brandon, what happens when you try to wake your children up and they don't wake up after you yell and tell them to wake up?
The next phase is to shake them. ' He said, 'You have to shake them to get them awake. They're still asleep.
' And so, a lot of the body of Christ may think they're awake, but the Lord said, 'You're still asleep.
' And there's going to be some things that shake you. There's going to be a great revival to a remnant of people that are going to become radical for Jesus.
I saw St. Louis—and I don't know why I see certain cities—but there was a man in a wheelchair. These people weren't preachers.
They were just average Joes and they walked up to this guy in this wheelchair and they prayed for him and the Lord healed him right there.
It was just an on-the-street miracle like Jesus did. And so that's the kind of stuff you need to be expecting—things that are going to rock the world.
He's going to do something huge in you. It doesn't have to be your pastor.
It doesn't have to be a counselor, your youth pastor, a prophet, or somebody you see on TV—a t.
D. Jakes or whatever—it's going to be you. Jesus is going to use you if you let him.
He'll have you touch your neighbor, the person at Walmart or Target or the gas station or the health food store.
You just have to be yielded to him. You just have to want it. You have to wake up every day with an expectation: "God, use me for your end-time message.
Use me, Jesus. " He wants to use you, and if you allow him to, he'll change your life forever.
He's not afraid, and you don't need to be afraid. Don't be intimidated by the world because we're about to get out of here.
Now, some folks may say, "I don't believe that. I believe that you're going to go through the tribulation.
" And if that's the way you believe, that's okay. You can stay here; that's fine.
But I'm going to go in the first round. I'm going with Jesus in the rapture. I'm going to believe that.
And if we're wrong in this scripture and something happens and we're here, you'd better seek me out to tell you what to do next because I'm telling you what's coming, and you're in trouble if you're still here.
There is some bad stuff fixing to happen to the folks that get left.
I have seen it. And you may say, "Well, I think you're crazy. " Well, that's okay.
I pray for you, and Jesus loves you, and Jesus cares for you, and he has a plan for your life.
I'm here to tell you that Jesus loves you and he has a plan for you, and it's not bad; it's to do good for you.
He wants all your loved ones saved. He wants everybody to not miss the rapture.
He wants everybody to have eternal life. John 3:16, for God so loved the world that he gave his one and only begotten Son.
Just remember that. So I pray for you, and that's what I have today.
The Lord has told me several times to put this out there and to tell people that he's coming.
And I've been hesitant, probably because of persecution, because of what I'm talking about. But I'm over that. I know the time is coming.
When they started talking about aliens, just like what he told me when I was standing at the gates of heaven with him, I told my kids, "You'd better understand Jesus is coming, folks; you need to know.
" One other thing that was really neat: there's a Starbucks coming into our town where I'm at.
For a long time, whenever I saw it during the tribulation, the Starbucks—and at the time in 2014, it was a barbecue house where they made barbecue—and I never really said it to anybody, but I always said to my kids, "There'll be a Starbucks there during the tribulation right before Jesus comes back.
" Starbucks is a coffee place; everybody probably knows that.
If you're in another part of the world watching this, you may not, but it's a coffee shop.
I told everybody when Jesus comes back, there's going to be a Starbucks there on the corner.
It was a barbecue house, then it became a Taco Bueno, and then they closed down during the covid virus thing.
A couple of weeks ago, about a month or two ago, they bulldozed the building down.
I said, 'Wow. ' I must have missed that; I saw a Starbucks there.
All of a sudden, they started building a new building there these last couple of weeks, and there's another store next to it.
I went through the drive-thru and asked, 'Hey, what are they building right there?
' The guy said, 'Oh, they're going to build a brand new Starbucks right there.
' The buildings that I saw in the Tribulation that didn't exist when I was living in 2014 are being built right now in 2021.
What I'm trying to tell you is it was a really cool 'awe' moment for me.
I just want to tell you Jesus loves you and you need to get right.
If you're living in a compromising lifestyle and a sinful state, and you know Jesus but you've fallen away, today's your day to come back to Him.
I want to pray for you. Father, I thank You right now for whoever is watching on this side of the camera.
I lift them up before You and thank You that they become on-fire, born-again Christians who are radically saved and have an urgency regarding the time we're living in.
Father, I thank You that You stir in their spirits right now and that they find You in a new way—a new flame, a new fire inside of them—and they shake off all the old and all the compromise they've been living in.
Maybe there's somebody on the other side of that camera right now who may not know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
I'm praying for you. Say this prayer after me: 'Lord Jesus, come into my heart.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. Forgive me of my sins.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness. I turn away from the devil and all his evil works.
I come to You, Jesus, as a vessel that is broken and needs You.
Fill me with Your Holy Spirit. Cleanse me from all this sin. Thank You, Lord.
I make You my Lord and Savior. ' Make Him your Lord and Savior.
I believe today, if you believe that in your heart and you confess Jesus as your Lord and Savior, you're going to be saved.
If you just said that prayer and you believe it in your heart, find a church to go to.
Find a place to go to and get in the word. Get your Bible. Download the Bible app on your phone.
If you have an iPhone or an Android phone, download the Bible on your phone and read it every day.
Let that word become real to you. Get it inside of you, and Jesus will change you from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
I just want to tell you again: Jesus loves you and Jesus cares.
Find a good Bible-based church; if you have to, find one online that will teach you the word of God and help you in your Christian walk.
There are a lot of good churches out there; find them. If you're not in that area, watch them online.
Build your faith up and it'll change you. All right, thank you for watching, and hopefully this meant something to you.
If you don't agree with any of it, put it in the trash. If it blessed you, share it with somebody. Thank you and God bless you all. Bye-bye.